Identity claims sourcing policy (#6101)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/concepts/policies/index.md

### Control how users access your app

> The [app sign-in policy](#app-sign-in-policies) for each app determines what extra levels of authentication must be performed before a user can access an app. [Add a rule](/docs/guides/configure-access-policy), for example, to prompt groups that are assigned to your app to re-authenticate after 60 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [app sign-in policy](#app-sign-in-policies) for each app determines what extra levels of authentication a user must perform before they can access an app. [Add a rule](/docs/guides/configure-access-policy), for example, to prompt groups that are assigned to your app to re-authenticate after 60 minutes.
```

When an [app sign-in policy](#app-sign-in-policies) or [Okta account management policy](#okta-account-management-policy) requires re-authentication, Okta evaluates the claims sourcing policy to determine whether to handle re-authentication locally or redirect the user back to the IdP that established their session. Local re-authentication means that Okta prompts the user to authenticate with authenticators that are configured in the org. For example, a user is prompted to authenticate with Okta Verify instead of redirecting to the external IdP.

Re-authentication is required when a user's session in an app has reached its maximum lifetime, and you set that re-authentication requirement in app sign-in policies or the Okta account management policy.

The policy rule `refresh.redirectType` setting has two options:

* `NONE`: (default) Okta performs re-authentication locally, prompting the user to authenticate with authenticators that are configured and enrolled from the org, such as Okta Verify.

> * `FIXED`: Okta redirects the user to the third-party or Org2Org IdP that last established their Okta session. The IdP must be active too. You can optionally configure a filter list of allowed IdPs to limit which IdPs are eligible for redirect. If the IdP isn't in the filter list, the policy behaves as `NONE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `FIXED`: Okta redirects the user to the third-party or Org2Org IdP that last established their Okta session. The IdP must also be active. You can optionally configure a filter list of allowed IdPs to limit which IdPs are eligible for redirect. If the IdP isn't in the filter list, the policy behaves as `NONE`.
```

> * `FIXED`: Okta redirects the user to the third-party or Org2Org IdP that last established their Okta session. The IdP must also be active. You can optionally configure a filter list of allowed IdPs to limit which IdPs are eligible for redirect. If the IdP isn't in the filter list, the policy behaves as `NONE`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `FIXED`: Okta redirects the user to the third-party or Org2Org IdP that last established their Okta session. The IdP must also be active. You can optionally configure a filter list of allowed IdPs to limit which IdPs are eligible for redirect. If the IdP isn't in the filter list, Okta handles re-authentication locally.
```
